FlowETL revisions (#1827)
Flowminder/FlowKit: flowetl/deployment_example/README.md

    OPTIONS (schema_name 'events', table_name 'cdr');
```

> This one foreign data wrappers within `flowdb`: `sample_data_fdw` wraps the actual data itself and acts as the "source" in the ETL pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates one foreign data wrapper within `flowdb`: `sample_data_fdw` wraps the actual data itself and acts as the "source" in the ETL pipeline.
```
